# v0.13 - Introduce card buying mechanic

In the board UI, split the zone of the circtuit in two zones :
- on the left, the "river" zone
- on the right, the racetrack zone

The river zone is split into 3 zones on top of each other :
- the 1st river : cards cost 1 coin
- the second river : cards cost 3 coins
- the third river : cards cost 5 coins

Each river has a starting deck (like a player's draw pile), and 3 card slots.
On game start, each river "draws" 3 cards on its 3 slots. Each river's card has an id, (like the player's cards - they should if it's not the case yet).

On a player's turn, he can spend coins to buy cards from the rivers.

For that, we need a "Buy cards" button, which opens a modal with the 3 rivers and the player can choose a card to buy (if he has enough coins). Cards he can't buy (because not enough coins) are a bit transparent and grey.

When a card is bought, it is added to the player's discard pile with the usual discard animation (starting from the bought card position on the screen).

As usual, the server is the one responsible for the state of the game, and receives the event of "buy card" with the card's id and river id, and should check if the player is allowed to buy it. Then send the updated player state.

The riviera decks are : 
- River 1 :
  - coin
  - coin
  - mushroom
  - mushroom
  - banana
  - banana
- River 2 : 
  - coin mushroom
  - coin banana
  - mushroom banana
  - mushroom mushroom
  - banana banana
  - banana banana
- River 3 :
  - banana banana mushroom
  - banana banana coin
  - coin coin mushroom
  - coin coin banana

The "buy cards" button in the player's UI is placed below the coins, and is visible only during the player's turn.

# Feedbacks

1. the river zone on the left of the board screen should be the same width than the QR code. And it should stick to the left side of the screen. And the board area should fill the rest of the screen.

In the board UI, the cards in the river are enormous. Size them properly to fit : 1 card back to represent the deck of the river (with a count below) and on its right 3 cards slots. make the river cards and the river card back the same size.

2. You know what ? We will invert the top and left zones in the board UI.

Now the left zone should have from top to bottom :
- qr code
- join / round card
- player card 1
- player card 2
- etc

the top zone should have :
- title on top
- rivers below, with horizontally:
  - river 1
  - river 2
  - river 3

3. In the board-player cards, make 2 containers to be able to have :
- on the left the name and helmet
- on the right the cards anc coins


4. the "round 1" and "scan to join" elements should have the exact same height (the height of scan to join)

5. on the player screen, the river should be displayed the exact same way than on the board : meaning with the card back representing the draw pile.

---

6. when empied, a river's draw pile is replaced by a dashed-borderd card area, (like in the player's draw pile) with written "Empty" inside.

7. the river's display should be factorised to be reused in the player and board clients.

8. When a player selects a river's card, the river's deck should wait before drawing the new card to replace the slot. And use the same drawing animation than the player hand draw.

9. buying a card should only remove the amount of coin corresponding to the card's river cost. The server computes this.

10. wtf, when I refresh my player client, it skips my turn