# V0.11 - Introducing coins

I have created an asset of a coin, and an asset of a card "gain 1 coin", and an asset of a card "gain 2 coins".

Each player have a coin count. They all start at zero.

The game board displays the coin count of each player in the "player state" container (rename it player-state btw) in the top zone. It says like "0 🪙" (use the coin asset instead of the emoji) below the cards representing the player's hand. We need to make room for this new row of information, so remove the margin top in the player-state zone to make the player-state cards taller.

The startin deck of all players is now :
- 6x 1 coin cards
- 1x 2 coins card 
- 1x move card
- 1x banana card

When a player plays a coin card, he gains 1 coin (or 2 coins if it's a "2 coins" card) for the turn only.

The turn of a player doesn't end automatically when he has no cards left anymore, he needs to press "End turn". Place the "end turn" button on top of the card drop zone. Make sure it's not clickable when dragging a card.

The coin amount of the player lasts until he ends his turn. When he ends his turn, it revers to zero coins. Make the coin asset in the player state card grey and a bit transparent (the "0" too) when the count is 0, in the board client.

In the player's client, when a coin card is played, a coin asset is spawned and thrown upwards, in the same manner as a banana. Factorise this "spawn" behavior between coin and banana. Rework this spawn animation to not fade out and get smaller, but instead just go out the top of the screen (keep opacity and size). Make it rotate twice at the same time.

In the player's client, he can see the coins he has just below the "play card" zone. Represent it with N different coins, arranged in a line. Make the line wrap if there is too many coins. Use flex.

As usual, it's the server who is responsible for the game state. The client does not really produces coins, it just sends the played card to the server, and the server reponds with the new player's state. Then the client displays the coins described in the state received.