# v0.17 - Green shell

I'm introducing a new card symbol : the green shell. I made the asset.
Ignore the snail asset for now.

When a green shell is thrown by the card played by a player, it gives the player 2 choices in a modal : "Throw the green shell : [Forward] [backward]".

The design of this modal is :
- on top "Throw the green shell"
- bottom :
  - left: big button "backward"
  - right: big button "forward"

The shell is then placed on the next cell (forward) or the previous cell (backward) by the backend. Make a method to find a cell's previous cell.
The animation of a shell on the board is : the shell spaws on the player, then moves to the next (or previous cell)

When a shell lands on a space, it hits one of the present elements, in order of priority : the players (randomly chosen if there is several players), or the bananas or the shells.

When a banana or a shell is hit by a green_shell, they are both destroyed. -> use the throw animation on both destroyed elements.

When a player is hit by a shell, he must discard a card (like when hit by a banana -> factorise the methods).

When hit by a shell, on the player's client, the animation of the shell coming down and color of the play zone must be adapted to the green shell.


# Feedbacks

In the player's buy modal, display his current coins on top of the rivers.

when thrown, the green shell animation plays, then it disapears, and reapears. It should not blink.

The player's starting deck is now :
- 6x coin
- 1x coin coin
- 1x green shell
- 1x mushroom

 I want constants in the same config file for the player's starting deck, and 
 the rivers decks, so i can edit them easily 

In the forward/backward modal, place the forward on top and the backward on bottom. And add arrow symbols in the buttons.
