# V0.10 - introducing turns

# Start the game

Before the game starts, when they join all the players have a big "READY" button on their screen, instead of the cards areas.
When they hit ready, the server changes their ready state from false to true. The client displays "You are ready" in big in place of the ready button. A player can cancel his ready state by hitting a regular-size "Cancel" button below the "you are ready" message.

As long as at least one player is not ready, the game doesn't start.

When all players are ready, the game starts. The "Scan to join" is removed from the player list and is replaced with a "Round 1" card.


# Rounds

The game is rythmed by rounds. Each round have several turns, one per player.
The order of play of the players in a round is their order in the player's list of the game server.

On a player's turn, he must play his whole hand, in the order he chooses. When his hand is empty, his turn is over and he can redraw 5 cards.

> Important : The automatic redraw whenever the hand is emptied should be disabled. The redraw only happens at the end of a turn.

The server is responsible of the game state, and should store which player's turn it is. It is called the "active player". The others are called the "waiting players".

When a player is waiting for his turn to come, he can't play cards. He can still drag them, but the play zone is disabled, and has a message written inside "Wait for your turn to play". The only exception to that is when the active player will trigger a discard for a waiting player, but there is currently no card capable of doing that. Just keep it in mind, we will add this kind of interaction later.

When all the players have played their turns in the current round, the game iterates the round number and the first player can start with his turn.

The board displays the round number in the top area, in a card in the player zone. It is written "Round<br/>1" in bold in an card the same width than the other elements of the player zone. (all elements in the player zone must have the same width).

The active player is signaled on the player zone by a golden border around his container.

