# v0.10.1 - Feedbacks on turns

1. Display the ready state with a green checkmark emoji below the helmets, on top zone of the game board. Only during the lobby phase. The ready emoji and the cards of a player should take the same space, not be on top of each other. The cards actally replace the emoji when the game starts 

3. Add 15px padding inside the player's container, so that the border has more space

4. when i reload the board after the game has started, the ready icons reappar on top instead of the players cards. You should ALWAYS handle this kind of thing state-wise, so that we can ALWAYS reload the page at any moment and display the same state as before reloading.

5. the board-info-bar should be of fixed height, because otherwise the canvas is not the right size : after the players connect the board-info-bar changes height.

the board-info-bar should take a percentage of the screen's height. Make it 20%. Then the QR code should adapt to this size, and the board-top-element (and their content) too.

when a user clicks ready, on the board his helmet should not move up to make space for the ready icon. Make the ready icon present but hidden to fix that.

6. When a player is waiting, his "play zone" should be red-ish. And when he tries to play a card, the zone should animate its transparency back and forth to signal it's not his turn. 

7. When the game has already started and a player tries to join it, he should have a red zone with a message "You can't join, the game has already started.". The boards can join fine.

This warn the player BEFORE the players enters his name.

the player creation should happen on the page load before he enters his name, in order for 
 the server to be able to send the gameAlreadyStarted state at this point.  

If a player reloads the page where he is asked to enter his name, it should not re-create  
  a player every time. It should reuse the already created player. I think we should store   
  the player's id in the localstorage for that, and use this as "existing player             
  detection" -> if the server knows the id, it's kept and the server sends the player's      
  state to the client. If the server doesn't know the id, it creates a player, sends the     
  new state (with the new id) and the localstorage is replaced in the player client.
