# v0.7.1 - feedback on cards introduction

1. When the discard pile or the draw pile are empty, they should have a dotted-bordered zone representing them, not an asset. With written "Discard pile" and "Draw pile"

2. The dotted-bordered zone where you can drag a card to play it should be the same size than a card. It should read "drag a card here to play it"

3. When a card is selected from the hand, keep its place "empty" (do not rearrange the other cards yet). The remaining cards should fill the gap only when the card is released into the zone.

4. The fan of cards should be a bit curvated, with the middle cards a bit higher than the first and last cards.

5. The size of the cards in hand should be computed to fit the space they need to fit 5 of them in the hand zone. They currently overflow a bit if the screen is phone-sized.

6. Drawing cards should happen card by card, with an animation of the card coming from the draw pile (small) then coming into the player's hand ().

7. The draw pile's button should say "Draw 5 cards", and should be in the middle of the draw pile. And if the draw pile has less than 5 cards, it should draw the existing amount of cards, then shuffle the discard pile into the draw pile, then draw the rest. This should happen server-side first.

8. The shuffling of the discard into the draw pile should also have an animation where each card is moved in an arc from the discard pile to the draw pile. Then the drawing of cards one by one resume after this animation.


# More feedback after implementing

1. The drawing when there is only 3 cards in the draw pile is :
- Draw 3 cards one by one
- Shuffle the discard into the draw pile
- Draw the remaining 2 cards one by one

2. The button "draw 5 cards" should really bo ON the draw pile, not below.

3. The shadow when dragging a card is weird, there is paddings on the sides of the image. The shadow should be a drop shadow, translated bottom right, with the exact same size.

4. the cards should be on top of the discard pile dotted-bordered zone.

5. when the draw pile is empty during the drawing animation, it should also be a dotted bordered zone.

6. better shadows : The shadow should be further away from the card, try 15 px. when 2 shadows overlap, they should not make a darker zone in the overlap. When a card is played and snaps to the central position, its shadow should be animated to go closer to the card, simulating the fact that it is put on the table.

7. add 15px padding inside the play zone. Add 5px paddings inside the draw and discard zones.

8. the discard pile should be displayed empty as soon as the last card is quitting it. center the text inside these 3 zones too.

9. never hide the number under the draw an discard piles. Display 0 when it is zero. and center it horizontally.

10. when the cards are reorganized in the hand (when one is played, or during the drawing animation), they should not teleport, they should be animated from their current position to their new position.

10.1. the cards are first moved in a snap, then have a useless smooth animation in place, with a very small rotation. I don't want that. I think the animation is not really starting from the actual former position

11. add a max size to the cards in hand, they are way too big on desktop

12. when a card is dropped outside of the play zone, it should be animated back to its place

13. make the draw animation faster. Faster.

# Nice animations

When a card is drawn, i want to see a 3D card turning from the small back of the card to the bigger front of the card.

## feedback 

The end of the filp animation is weird, because we see the card appear in its end position before the animation is over. I don't think this should be done like this, the animated (flip) card should really be the card we have in hand in the end.

