# v1.3.4 - New racetrack

## The map

I made a new racetack_1.svg file. Can you generate a json file with the cells of the racetrack, like for the racetrack_0 ? (don't put the permanent coins).

There is a twist : some cells have 2 next_cell. Make it an array

## Path choice

I updated the ractrack_1_cells.json to make the two path choices red and blue.

When a player in a cell with 2 next_cells plays a mushroom, before moving he is prompted with a modal with 2 buttons : "Red path" and "Blue path".

If he cooses "Red path", he moves to the next cell with "path_color: red", if he chooses "Blue path", he moves to the next cell with "path_color: blue".

## Ranking update

The ranking must now be computed differently because of the path.

We need a method that computes the player's shortest distance to the finish_line. It computes this "shortest_distance_to_finish_line" by going cell by cell, and exploring all paths.

A player's position now becomes : lap_count * nb_cells_of_the_track + shortest_distance_to_finish_line.

The players ranks are computed by ordering them by player's position.

## Shell paths

If the player is on a cell with 2 next_cells, when he throws a shell the choices of "forward / backward" become "Red path / blue path / backward".
At merge points with 2 predecessors, backward shell shows Red/Blue/Forward choices, just like forward shell at forks shows Red/Blue/Backward.

If a player throws a red shell while being on the red path or the blue path, the shell naturally follows the next_cells.

If a player throws a red_shell while being on the normal path (not blue or red), the red shell always follows the shortest path.


# Feedbacks

Player's can't join the game anymore, their client have 522 errors :
POST http://localhost:2567/matchmake/joinById/aa 522

If there is 2 pernanent_coins on a cell's definition, display 2 coins on the board on this cell (this should work with any number) 

In the Debug mode, display all cells and their color.

On the triple choices for the shells, replace the "red path" and "blue path" by the correct "forward" or "backward" in the buttons. The button's color will be enough to know which forward or which backwards it's talking about.


A red_shell thrown should be able to go to the blue path if all target players are in the blue path. If at least one player is in the red, path, it will go to the red path. 