# v1.3.1 - Redo animations after OOP refacto

Let's redo entirely the hit animations, cause it's still fucked.

The hit animation is, all at the same time: 
- hit stars spawning out (inside the avatar object, so they follow him if he moves because of cell reorganisation)
- player's helmet rotating TWICE
- dark mushroom spawning up (if hit by a shell) (inside the avatar object, so they follow him if he moves because of cell reorganisation)

When the player moves to a cell with a shell or a banana present, the animations are IN ORDER :
- the player moves to the cell
- the banana or shell disapears and at the same time the hit animation plays
- then cell reorganises its content (the disapeard banana or shell was still holding its space)

When a shell is thrown to a player, the animations are IN ORDER :
- the shell moves to the player's cell
- the shell disapears and at the same time the hit animation plays

When a shell is thrown to a banana or shell (let's call it the target), the animations are IN ORDER :
- the shell moves to the target's cell
- the shell and the target disapear, and at the same time the dust cloud animation plays.
(This one works fine )
- then cell reorganises its content (the disapeard banana or shell was still holding its space)


# Feedbacks

After a player moves to a cell with bananas and shells, the cell is not properly reorganized.

Sometimes, the hit animation is weird and looks cut. The player doesn't rotate entirely.

If a player hits an object after his movement, he should go to the objects place in the cell right away. Like that, no need for cell reorganization.

 In the UI, instead of moving to the cell first, then  
moving to the hit item's position, the player should    
directly move from its original cell's position to the  
hit item's position 


There is a weird delay between the player arriving to its destination and the hit animation. The hit animation should happen right away, when the movement finishes.

sometimes the hit animation happens after the player  
discards the card (banana effect) It should happen at   
the end of the movement no matter what.

sometimes the rotation of the hit animation doesn't happen

sometimes, the order of the items in a cell change : typically when a player arrives in a cell with banana, shell, banana, he will go to hit the first banana, but it's the second banana that disapears and the first one moves to the last position. This should not happen, items should remain on their position. If the player hits the first banana, the first banana should disapear and that's all.

nope, not good. When a player moves to a cell with 3 bananas, he should destroy the first banana and take its place, the others should not move at all !

Make a summary of the animations algo in pseudocode for yourself to remember later, in the CLAUDE.md